Added warnings about namespaces for categories where wasn't showen (#103)
LoneDev6/Wiki-ItemsAdder: plugin-usage/adding-content/item-properties/basic.md

# Basic

{% hint style="warning" %}
<mark style="color:red;">Don't forget the namespace!</mark>\

> Don't forget to define a namespace for every of your config!

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Don't forget to define a namespace for every part of your config!
```

Author: Tbh namespace is not neccessary to define in every PART of the config but in every config

Reviewer: in my eyes, it's basically saying the same thing, though maybe it'd be better to reformat it a bit. maybe like

```suggestion
Don't forget to define a namespace for all of your configs!
```
